Okay, so
now that we've created the buttons,
we've got the buttons inside this
Card component for the selectors, and
we've got another button for
the same price, we need to wire those up.
Which means employing
createEvent dispatcher,
Creating a dispatch function.
And then once the button gets clicked,
I'm just gonna make that slightly neater,
we can do on:click=()
=> dispatch('select').
And then in our Game component,
we can add a select handler to
both of the celebrity cards.
Now, we don't yet
know what's gonna happen there, so
I'm just gonna leave that blank, like so.
And we're gonna add a similar thing to
the button, except instead of on:select,
it's gonna be an on:click.
And then we need to create
a function that is gonna get called
when each of these things happens.
We'll call it submit, because the user
is submitting their response.
And what submit is gonna need is, is it's
gonna need the celebrity on the left and
the celebrity on the right and some sort
of representation of the user's guess.
And the way that we can do this is, and
there's many ways that we can do this, but
the way that I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna pass in
the celebrity objects as
the first two arguments.
And then the third argument is gonna be a
sign, which is gonna be either -1, 0 or 1.
And then we will see
if, The Math.sign(),
which is a function that's a Math.sign(),
if you give it a positive number,
it will return 1, if you give it
a negative number, it will return -1.
If you give it 0, then it will return 0.
So that's very useful for
this particular use case.
Math.sign(a.price- b.price),
that value is gonna be 1 if a is
the more expensive celebrity.
So if that matches the sign
that was passed in,
Then the result is right,
otherwise it's wrong.
Then we can console.log that result.
And then once that's happened, we can
increment the index of the current round.
If i is less than the number
of rounds in the game -1,
then increment it, otherwise,
We're gonna end the game, but
we'll leave that as a to-do for now.
So now we just need to call this function
from each of those event handlers.
on:select you're gonna submit a, b.
And then if we have clicked on
card where the celebrity equals a,
then we're guessing that a is
the more expensive celebrity.
So the sign is gonna be 1,
because a.price- b.price.
And then it will be the reverse for
the other celebrity, -1.
And then, finally, for the guess where
it's the same price, it's gonna be 0.
So let's try that.
Let's guess Carrie St. Louis.
I was wrong.
I don't know if you can see that
on the video, but down here,
it's telling me that the result was wrong.
Two people from Big brother.
I have no idea who.
It'll actually click through to,
cameo.com.
Gary Busey is definitely the more
expensive than these two.
Also, his videos are completely unhinged.
I got that right,
result code on the right.
Okay, so
we need to display that result somehow.
But we've got everything pretty much
wired up the way we need it to.
So let's move on to app.